docs: add 0.82.1 release note (#48)
snaplet/docs: docs/06-tutorials/github-actions.md

      - name: Install Snaplet CLI
        run: curl -sL https://app.snaplet.dev/get-cli/ | bash
      - name: Restore Snapshot
        run: snaplet snapshot create -y
        env:
          SNAPLET_DATABASE_URL: ${{ secrets.SNAPLET_DATA_TARGET_DB_URL }}
          SNAPLET_ACCESS_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.SNAPLET_ACCESS_TOKEN }}

>           # SNAPLET_DATABASE_ID: "Use if `.snaplet/config.json` isn't setup."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          # SNAPLET_PROJECT_ID: "Use if `.snaplet/config.json` isn't setup."
```

```

This workflow runs every morning at 4am, and can also be [manually triggered](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/managing-workflow-runs/manually-running-a-workflow#running-a-workflow)

> It checks out the repository, in order to access the `SNAPLET_DATABASE_ID` from `.snaplet/config.json`, then it installs the Snaplet CLI and runs the `snaplet snapshot create` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It checks out the repository, in order to access the `projectId` from `.snaplet/config.json`, then it installs the Snaplet CLI and runs the `snaplet snapshot create` command.
```
